This project presents a simple application which is Web-Based and consists in facilitating the management
of a foreign language course center. Today, more than ever, foreign languages are being embraced by people 
and the focus on them is very large. People every day more and more are turning to the centers that offer 
these services to learn a foreign language that they intend to use in the future. Knowing how precious time 
is nowadays and being that we are lucky to live in the age of technology, there is a need for different 
applications that save us time and make our lives easier, our application will do something like that. 
Through this application, people can be informed in real time with a click on the Internet and see every 
service that the center offers in the explanation of foreign languages, such as the different language levels,
the schedules that are developed, the payments for each lesson, the equipment with certificates for the protection
of the language, the offers that the center offers if more than one is followed program at the same time, the 
documents required for registration and will also be able to see reviews of students who have completed a certain 
program in the course center. The student will also be able to have information about the texts that will be used 
in each program of the given language. At the end of each program, each student will be able to give a review in 
which they will show the experience and the impact that the service has left. Also, the student will be informed 
about the payment method as well as account numbers and contact numbers for any questions and email addresses.
This application, in addition to the students, will also help the staff in the good management of the center. 
In addition to the students, those who will use the application will be the professors of the center who will 
give the language lectures, as well as the manager of the center. Each professor will be able to assign timetables
in accordance with the timetables requested by student groups, taking into account their requests for certain timetables. 
Also, the professors will present the program for each language in which they give lectures and will be responsible for 
keeping a record of the students' participation in the class during school hours. Each professor will also mark every day
the working hours he works in the center as well as keep a record of the hours he worked outside the schedule. Also, each 
professor must notify in advance in case of cancellation of the lesson on his part for various reasons so that the students
are informed and have a good organization of their time.The manager of the center is the main person who leads the center. 
The respective prices for each program are approved by the manager and are made visible to the students who will apply. 
Also, the manager has access to the working hours of each teacher to calculate the salary he will receive each at the end
of the month, taking into account the overtures worked by each of the staff members. Also, the manager is the one who approves
the permit for the staff in cases where it is requested by the person.

